hey guys I'm Sherman I'm here to tell
you about my hero
she's totally famous she's got a lot of
degrees he saw problems so he's
literally a dog by prefer literate dog I
don't get it
fair easy dog but he's a lot like other
dads he takes me to school Sherman you
have to go to the bathroom just raise
your hand proudly and say I have to go
not bad fee buddy let's go we go to all
these awesome places where are we gonna
go mr. Peabody
not where Sherman when in our own cool I
invented a time machine for you I call
it the way back
can I try of course not
on trips to Egypt mr. Peabody yes
Sherman and of course you can boy it's
cold mr. Peabody Sherman that's not my
hand
[Music]
that's disarming my old friend Leonardo
da Vinci my machine a spoiler alert
in Greece is pretty fantastic are you
ready to get on the field tremendous
sure thing mister Agamemnon absolutely
forbid you to fighting the Trojan War
all my friends are fighting and
destroying war nice mr. Peabody's a lot
of things
genius dancer mixologists musician
inventor swordsman pirate scientist and
comedian I can be of assistance
most about him try and get some sleep
yeah when you need me I want you to have
this a dog whistle mr. Peabody it works
fine Sherman from the director of the
lion cage DreamWorks mr. Peabody and
Sherman